README.md, before:

# Notes App

A modern, responsive notes application built with React and Tailwind CSS.
Deployed at https://dipanjan2907.github.io/Note_App/

## 🚀 Features

- **Create Notes**: Easily add new notes with a title and detailed description.
- **Persistent Storage**: Notes are automatically saved to your browser's local storage, so you never lose your data.
- **Delete Notes**: Remove individual notes you no longer need.
- **Delete All**: Quickly clear all notes with a double-click action.
- **Responsive Design**: A grid layout that adapts to different screen sizes.
- **Horizontal Scrolling**: Smooth horizontal scrolling for note navigation on desktop devices.
- **Modern UI**: Features a dark theme with glassmorphism effects, dynamic gradient backgrounds, and smooth transitions.
- **Note Count**: Real-time display of the total number of notes.
- **Background Music**: Integrated music player with play/pause functionality for a relaxing note-taking experience.
- **Volume Control**: Adjustable volume slider to customize the background music level.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **[React](https://react.dev/)**: JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)**: Next Generation Frontend Tooling.
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)**: A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.

## 📦 Installation & Getting Started

1.  **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/dipanjan2907/Note_App.git
    cd Note_App
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Run the development server:**

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

    Open your browser and navigate to the local URL provided (usually `http://localhost:5173`).

## 🚀 Deployment

The application is deployed on GitHub Pages. You can view the live demo here:

[**Live Demo**](https://dipanjan2907.github.io/Note_App/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

Commit message:

Add instructions for adjusting browser zoom in README

README.md, after:

# Notes App

A modern, responsive notes application built with React and Tailwind CSS.
Deployed at https://dipanjan2907.github.io/Note_App/

## 🚀 Features

- **Create Notes**: Easily add new notes with a title and detailed description.
- **Persistent Storage**: Notes are automatically saved to your browser's local storage, so you never lose your data.
- **Delete Notes**: Remove individual notes you no longer need.
- **Delete All**: Quickly clear all notes with a double-click action.
- **Responsive Design**: A grid layout that adapts to different screen sizes.
- **Horizontal Scrolling**: Smooth horizontal scrolling for note navigation on desktop devices.
- **Modern UI**: Features a dark theme with glassmorphism effects, dynamic gradient backgrounds, and smooth transitions.
- **Note Count**: Real-time display of the total number of notes.
- **Background Music**: Integrated music player with play/pause functionality for a relaxing note-taking experience.
- **Volume Control**: Adjustable volume slider to customize the background music level.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **[React](https://react.dev/)**: JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)**: Next Generation Frontend Tooling.
- **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)**: A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.

## 📦 Installation & Getting Started

1.  **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/dipanjan2907/Note_App.git
    cd Note_App
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Run the development server:**

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

    Open your browser and navigate to the local URL provided (usually `http://localhost:5173`).
    Ctrl+- or Ctrl++ the browser according to your needs. (80% recommended for laptops)

## 🚀 Deployment

The application is deployed on GitHub Pages. You can view the live demo here:

[**Live Demo**](https://dipanjan2907.github.io/Note_App/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.
